document migration path from haproxy to kube-vip (#1050)
kubernetes-sigs/cluster-api-provider-vsphere: docs/migrations.md

# v1alpha3 HAProxy to v1alpha3 kube-vip

> to migrate from an existing `HAProxyLoadBalancer` to `kube-vip` you will need the following steps:

Reviewer: What about adding a little blurb explaining _why_ the user should do this operation
- HA proxy being deprecated and it will be removed in v1alpha4 (at least AFAIK)
- With kube-vip you "save" 1 machine

        spec:
          containers:
          - args:
            - start
            env:
            - name: vip_arp
              value: "true"
            - name: vip_leaderelection
              value: "true"
            - name: vip_address
              value: <HAPROXY_IP>
            - name: vip_interface
              value: eth0
            - name: vip_leaseduration
              value: "15"
            - name: vip_renewdeadline
              value: "10"
            - name: vip_retryperiod
              value: "2"
            image: plndr/kube-vip:0.2.0
            imagePullPolicy: IfNotPresent
            name: kube-vip
            resources: {}
            securityContext:
              capabilities:
                add:
                - NET_ADMIN
                - SYS_TIME
            volumeMounts:
            - mountPath: /etc/kubernetes/admin.conf
              name: kubeconfig
          hostNetwork: true
          volumes:
          - hostPath:
              path: /etc/kubernetes/admin.conf
              type: FileOrCreate
            name: kubeconfig
        status: {}
      owner: root:root
      path: /etc/kubernetes/manifests/kube-vip.yaml
```

> 3 - patch `KubeadmControlPlane` with the following command `kubectl patch kcp CLUSTER_NAME -n NAMESPACE --type merge  --patch "$(cat patch.yaml)"` replace `KCP_NAME` and `NAMESPACE` with the `KubeadmControlPlane` name and namespace

Reviewer: might be worth to add a note to check that this patch does not override custom changes to the default templates

Reviewer 2: Also in the command it has CLUSTER_NAME and later it says to replace KCP_NAME

> 4 - wait until the newly created created machine is in a `Running` state

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4 - wait until the first control plane machine with the new spec is in a `Running` state
```
